Ins 27092 versioning docs (#287)
IBM/universal-connectors: docs/available_plugins.md

> ## Input plugins

Reviewer: This page requires more discussions with PM.
We need to find a better way to present *one* list of plugins for UC, and then maybe another list of exclusions (like GCP plugins and OUA that are not yet supported in GI/SaaS)

Author: Had a meeting with @IBM-klahn , added supported datasources section in main README and unified the supported data sources to one list. @ofer-haim

Universal Connector uses plug-ins to connect the different datasources to Guardium. 
Below all the available plug-ins which are pre-developed and ready for use.

Our latest product version for Guardium Data Protection is [11.5](../docs/Guardium%20Data%20Protection)

Our latest product version for Guardium Insights is [3.2.x](../docs/Guardium%20Insights/3.2.x/Plugins_management.md)

> ## Supported Datasources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Supported data sources
```

The following list is supported by the latest versions.

> In case of other version, please refer the supported versions inside the plug-in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In cases of other versions, please refer to the supported versions inside the plug-in.
```
